​Welcome back. In the last video, ​we introduced you to the first four security domains. ​In this video, we'll introduce ​you to the next four security domains: ​identity and access management, ​security assessment and testing, ​security operations, and software development security. ​Familiarizing yourself with these domains will ​allow you to navigate the complex world of security. ​The domains outline and organize ​how a team of security professionals work together. ​Depending on the organization, ​analyst roles may sit at the intersection of ​multiple domains or focus on one specific domain. ​Knowing where a particular role ​fits within the security landscape ​will help you prepare for job interviews ​and work as part of a full security team. 
​Let's move into the fifth domain: ​identity and access management. ​Identity and access management ​focuses on keeping data secure, by ​ensuring users follow established policies ​to control and manage physical assets, ​like office spaces, and ​logical assets, such as networks and applications. ​Validating the identities of ​employees and documenting access roles ​are essential to maintaining ​the organization's physical and digital security. ​For example, as a security analyst, ​you may be tasked with setting up ​employees' keycard access to buildings. ​The sixth domain is security assessment and testing. ​This domain focuses on ​conducting security control testing, ​collecting and analyzing data, and conducting ​security audits to monitor for ​risks, threats, and vulnerabilities. ​Security analysts may conduct regular audits of ​user permissions, to make sure that ​users have the correct level of access. 
​For example, access to ​payroll information is often ​limited to certain employees, so ​analysts may be asked to regularly audit permissions to ​ensure that no unauthorized person ​can view employee salaries. ​The seventh domain is security operations. ​This domain focuses on conducting ​investigations and implementing preventative measures. ​Imagine that you, as a security analyst, ​receive an alert that ​an unknown device has been ​connected to your internal network. ​You would need to follow the organization's policies ​and procedures to quickly stop the potential threat. ​The final, eighth domain is software development security. ​This domain focuses on using secure coding practices, ​which are a set of recommended guidelines that are used ​to create secure applications and services. 
​A security analyst may work with ​software development teams to ensure ​security practices are incorporated ​into the software development life-cycle. ​If, for example, ​one of your partner teams is creating a new mobile app, ​then you may be asked to ​advise on the password policies or ​ensure that any user data is ​properly secured and managed. ​That ends our introduction to ​CISSP's eight security domains. ​Challenge yourself to better understand each of ​these domains and how they affect ​the overall security of an organization. ​While they may still be a bit ​unclear to you this early in the program, ​these domains will be discussed in ​greater detail in the next course. See you there!
